Add RAG Ollama application guide to the documentation (#20395)
docker/docs: content/guides/use-case/rag-ollama/containerize.md

Clone the sample application. Open a terminal, change directory to a directory that you want to work in, and run the following command to clone the repository:

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/mfranzon/winy.git
```

You should now have the following files in your `winy` directory.

```text
├── winy/
│ ├── .gitignore
│ ├── app/
│ │ ├── main.py
│ │ ├── Dockerfile
| | └── requirements.txt
│ ├── tools/
│ │ ├── create_db.py
│ │ ├── create_embeddings.py
│ │ ├── requirements.txt
│ │ ├── test.py
| | └── download_model.sh
│ ├── docker-compose.yaml
│ ├── wine_database.db
│ ├── LICENSE
│ └── README.md
```

## Containerizing your application: Essentials

Containerizing an application involves packaging it along with its dependencies into a container, which ensures consistency across different environments. Here’s what you need to containerize an app like Winy :

1. Dockerfile: A Dockerfile that contains instructions on how to build a Docker image for your application. It specifies the base image, dependencies, configuration files, and the command to run your application.

> 2. Docker Compose File: Docker Compose is a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. A Compose file, typically named docker-compose.yml, allows you to configure your application's services, networks, and volumes in a single file.

Reviewer: Suggest removing the part about the typical name as it is no longer the preferred name.

```suggestion
2. Docker Compose File: Docker Compose is a tool for defining and running multi-container Docker applications. A Compose file allows you to configure your application's services, networks, and volumes in a single file.
```

## Run the application

Inside the `winy` directory, run the following command in a
terminal.

```console
$ docker compose up --build
```

Docker builds and runs your application. Depending on your network connection, it may take several minutes to download all the dependencies. You'll see a message like the following in the terminal when the application is running.

```console
server-1  |   You can now view your Streamlit app in your browser.
server-1  |
server-1  |   URL: http://0.0.0.0:8501
server-1  |
```

Open a browser and view the application at [http://localhost:8501](http://localhost:8501). You should see a simple Streamlit application. 

The application requires a Qdrant database service and an LLM service to work properly. If you have access to services that you ran outside of Docker, specify the connection information in the `docker-compose.yaml`.

```yaml
winy:

> build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  build:
```

    context: ./app 
    dockerfile: Dockerfile

> environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  environment:
```

    - QDRANT_CLIENT=http://qdrant:6333 # Specifies the url for the qdrant database
    - OLLAMA=http://ollama:11434 # Specifies the url for the ollama service

> container_name: winy 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  container_name: winy 
```

> ports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ports:
```

    - "8501:8501" 

> depends_on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  depends_on:
```

    - qdrant 
    - ollama 
```

If you don't have the services running, continue with this guide to learn how you can run some or all of these services with Docker.

> Remember that the `ollama` service is empty, it has not any model, for this reason you had to pull a model before starting to use the RAG application. All the instruction are in the following page!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that the `ollama` service is empty; it doesn't have any model. For this reason you need to pull a model before starting to use the RAG application. All the instructions are in the following page.
```

```console
$ git clone https://github.com/mfranzon/winy.git
```

You should now have the following files in your `winy` directory.

```text
├── winy/
│ ├── .gitignore
│ ├── app/
│ │ ├── main.py
│ │ ├── Dockerfile
| | └── requirements.txt
│ ├── tools/
│ │ ├── create_db.py
│ │ ├── create_embeddings.py
│ │ ├── requirements.txt
│ │ ├── test.py
| | └── download_model.sh
│ ├── docker-compose.yaml
│ ├── wine_database.db
│ ├── LICENSE
│ └── README.md
```

## Run the application

Inside the `winy` directory, run the following command in a
terminal.

```console
$ docker compose up --build
```

Docker builds and runs your application. Depending on your network connection, it may take several minutes to download all the dependencies. You'll see a message like the following in the terminal when the application is running.

```console
server-1  |   You can now view your Streamlit app in your browser.
server-1  |
server-1  |   URL: http://0.0.0.0:8501
server-1  |
```

Open a browser and view the application at [http://localhost:8501](http://localhost:8501). You should see a simple Streamlit application. 

The application requires a Qdrant database service and an LLM service to

> function. If you have access to services that you ran outside of Docker, specify

Author: add more info about env variables

the connection information and try it out. If you don't have the services
running, continue with this guide to learn how you can run some or all of these
services with Docker.

In the terminal, press `ctrl`+`c` to stop the application.

## Summary

In this section, you learned how you can containerize and run your RAG
application using Docker.

## Next steps

> In the next section, you'll learn how you can run your application, database, and LLM service all locally using Docker.

Reviewer: At this point, it looks like the db and ollama are already running locally. Suggest rewording this for this specific app.

Author: rephrase this section
